#   Copyright
#
#       Copyright (C) 2011-2012 Jari Aalto
#
#   License
#
#       This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
#       it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
#       the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
#       (at your option) any later version.
#
#       This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
#       but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
#       MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
#       GNU General Public License for more details.
#
#       You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
#       along with this program. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
#
#   Description
#
#       To learn what TOP LEVEL sections to use in manual page,
#       see POSIX/Susv standard about "Utility Description Defaults" at
#       http://www.opengroup.org/onlinepubs/009695399/utilities/xcu_chap01.html#tag_01_11
#
#       This manual page in Perl POD format. Read more at
#       http://perldoc.perl.org/perlpod.html or run command:
#
#           perldoc perlpod | less
#
#       To check the syntax:
#
#           podchecker *.pod
#
#       To create manual:
#
#           pod2man PROGRAM.N.pod > PROGRAM.N

=pod

=head1 NAME

xlsx2csv - Convert xlsx xml files to csv format

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  xlsx2csv [options] INFILE [OUTPUT FILE]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The conversion uses Expat SAX parser for xml processing.

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item B<-d DELIMITER, --delimiter=DELIMITER>

Output csv columns delimiter. Use "tab" or "x09" for
tab. Defaults to comma.

=item B<-f DATEFORMAT, --dateformat=DATEFORMAT>

Set date/time format. See strftime(3) for %-format specifiers. An
example "%Y-%m-%d".

=item B<-i, --ignoreempty>

Skip empty lines.

=item B<-p SHEETDELIMITER, --sheetdelimiter=SHEETDELIMITER>

Sheet delimiter used to separate sheets, pass "" if you don't want
delimiters. DEfaults to "--------".

=item B<-q QUOTING, --quoting=QUOTING>

Output csv fields quoting. Use "none" "minimal" "nonnumeric" or "all".
Defaults to none.

=item B<-r, --recursive>

Convert recursively.

=item B<-s SHEETID, --sheet=SHEETID>

Sheet to convert (0 for all sheets).

=item B<-h, --help>

Display short help and exit.

=item B<--version>

Display program's version number and exit.

=back

=head1 ENVIRONMENT

None.

=head1 FILES

None.

=head1 SEE ALSO

catdoc(1)

=head1 AUTHORS

Program was written by Dilshod Temirkhodjaev <tdilshod@gmail.com>

This manual page was written by Jari Aalto <jari.aalto@cante.net>. Released
under license GNU GPL version 2 or (at your option) any later
version. For more information about the license, visit
<http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html>.

=cut
